card_depth
card_depth.Transform
card_depth.Transform.Anchor Point
card_depth.Transform.Opacity
card_depth.Transform.Position
card_depth.Transform.Rotation
card_depth.Transform.Rotation X
card_depth.Transform.Rotation Y
card_depth.Transform.Rotation Z
card_depth.Transform.Scale
card_depth.base_color
card_depth.base_color.Anchor Point
card_depth.base_color.Opacity
card_depth.base_color.Position
card_depth.base_color.Rotation
card_depth.base_color.Rotation X
card_depth.base_color.Rotation Y
card_depth.base_color.Rotation Z
card_depth.base_color.Scale
card_depth.base_color.Skew
card_depth.base_color.Skew Axis
card_depth.base_color.Transform
card_depth.base_color.Transform.Anchor Point
card_depth.base_color.Transform.Opacity
card_depth.base_color.Transform.Position
card_depth.base_color.Transform.Rotation
card_depth.base_color.Transform.Rotation X
card_depth.base_color.Transform.Rotation Y
card_depth.base_color.Transform.Rotation Z
card_depth.base_color.Transform.Scale
card_depth.base_color.Transform.Skew
card_depth.base_color.Transform.Skew Axis
card_depth.base_color.card_depth
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Anchor Point
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Fill 1
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Fill 1.Color
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Fill 1.Opacity
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Opacity
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Path 1
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Path 1.Path
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Position
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Rotation
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Rotation X
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Rotation Y
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Rotation Z
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Scale
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Skew
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Skew Axis
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Stroke 1
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Stroke 1.Color
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Stroke 1.Dash Phase
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Stroke 1.Dashes
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Stroke 1.Opacity
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Stroke 1.Stroke Width
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Transform
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Transform.Anchor Point
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Transform.Opacity
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Transform.Position
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Transform.Rotation
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Transform.Rotation X
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Transform.Rotation Y
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Transform.Rotation Z
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Transform.Scale
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Transform.Skew
card_depth.base_color.card_depth.Transform.Skew Axis
card_depth_MASK
card_depth_MASK.Transform
card_depth_MASK.Transform.Anchor Point
card_depth_MASK.Transform.Opacity
card_depth_MASK.Transform.Position
card_depth_MASK.Transform.Rotation
card_depth_MASK.Transform.Rotation X
card_depth_MASK.Transform.Rotation Y
card_depth_MASK.Transform.Rotation Z
card_depth_MASK.Transform.Scale
card_depth_MASK.mask
card_depth_MASK.mask.Anchor Point
card_depth_MASK.mask.Fill 1
card_depth_MASK.mask.Fill 1.Color
card_depth_MASK.mask.Fill 1.Opacity
card_depth_MASK.mask.Opacity
card_depth_MASK.mask.Path 1
card_depth_MASK.mask.Path 1.Path
card_depth_MASK.mask.Position
card_depth_MASK.mask.Rotation
card_depth_MASK.mask.Rotation X
card_depth_MASK.mask.Rotation Y
card_depth_MASK.mask.Rotation Z
card_depth_MASK.mask.Scale
card_depth_MASK.mask.Skew
card_depth_MASK.mask.Skew Axis
card_depth_MASK.mask.Transform
card_depth_MASK.mask.Transform.Anchor Point
card_depth_MASK.mask.Transform.Opacity
card_depth_MASK.mask.Transform.Position
card_depth_MASK.mask.Transform.Rotation
card_depth_MASK.mask.Transform.Rotation X
card_depth_MASK.mask.Transform.Rotation Y
card_depth_MASK.mask.Transform.Rotation Z
card_depth_MASK.mask.Transform.Scale
card_depth_MASK.mask.Transform.Skew
card_depth_MASK.mask.Transform.Skew Axis
card_front
card_front.Transform
card_front.Transform.Anchor Point
card_front.Transform.Opacity
card_front.Transform.Position
card_front.Transform.Rotation
card_front.Transform.Rotation X
card_front.Transform.Rotation Y
card_front.Transform.Rotation Z
card_front.Transform.Scale
card_front.base_color
card_front.base_color.Anchor Point
card_front.base_color.Opacity
card_front.base_color.Position
card_front.base_color.Rotation
card_front.base_color.Rotation X
card_front.base_color.Rotation Y
card_front.base_color.Rotation Z
card_front.base_color.Scale
card_front.base_color.Skew
card_front.base_color.Skew Axis
card_front.base_color.Transform
card_front.base_color.Transform.Anchor Point
card_front.base_color.Transform.Opacity
card_front.base_color.Transform.Position
card_front.base_color.Transform.Rotation
card_front.base_color.Transform.Rotation X
card_front.base_color.Transform.Rotation Y
card_front.base_color.Transform.Rotation Z
card_front.base_color.Transform.Scale
card_front.base_color.Transform.Skew
card_front.base_color.Transform.Skew Axis
card_front.base_color.graph
card_front.base_color.graph.Anchor Point
card_front.base_color.graph.Fill 1
card_front.base_color.graph.Fill 1.Color
card_front.base_color.graph.Fill 1.Opacity
card_front.base_color.graph.Opacity
card_front.base_color.graph.Path 1
card_front.base_color.graph.Path 1.Path
card_front.base_color.graph.Path 2
card_front.base_color.graph.Path 2.Path
card_front.base_color.graph.Path 3
card_front.base_color.graph.Path 3.Path
card_front.base_color.graph.Path 4
card_front.base_color.graph.Path 4.Path
card_front.base_color.graph.Position
card_front.base_color.graph.Rotation
card_front.base_color.graph.Rotation X
card_front.base_color.graph.Rotation Y
card_front.base_color.graph.Rotation Z
card_front.base_color.graph.Scale
card_front.base_color.graph.Skew
card_front.base_color.graph.Skew Axis
card_front.base_color.graph.Transform
card_front.base_color.graph.Transform.Anchor Point
card_front.base_color.graph.Transform.Opacity
card_front.base_color.graph.Transform.Position
card_front.base_color.graph.Transform.Rotation
card_front.base_color.graph.Transform.Rotation X
card_front.base_color.graph.Transform.Rotation Y
card_front.base_color.graph.Transform.Rotation Z
card_front.base_color.graph.Transform.Scale
card_front.base_color.graph.Transform.Skew
card_front.base_color.graph.Transform.Skew Axis
card_front.base_color.lines
card_front.base_color.lines.Anchor Point
card_front.base_color.lines.Opacity
card_front.base_color.lines.Path 1
card_front.base_color.lines.Path 1.Path
card_front.base_color.lines.Position
card_front.base_color.lines.Rotation
card_front.base_color.lines.Rotation X
card_front.base_color.lines.Rotation Y
card_front.base_color.lines.Rotation Z
card_front.base_color.lines.Scale
card_front.base_color.lines.Skew
card_front.base_color.lines.Skew Axis
card_front.base_color.lines.Stroke 1
card_front.base_color.lines.Stroke 1.Color
card_front.base_color.lines.Stroke 1.Dash Phase
card_front.base_color.lines.Stroke 1.Dashes
card_front.base_color.lines.Stroke 1.Opacity
card_front.base_color.lines.Stroke 1.Stroke Width
card_front.base_color.lines.Transform
card_front.base_color.lines.Transform.Anchor Point
card_front.base_color.lines.Transform.Opacity
card_front.base_color.lines.Transform.Position
card_front.base_color.lines.Transform.Rotation
card_front.base_color.lines.Transform.Rotation X
card_front.base_color.lines.Transform.Rotation Y
card_front.base_color.lines.Transform.Rotation Z
card_front.base_color.lines.Transform.Scale
card_front.base_color.lines.Transform.Skew
card_front.base_color.lines.Transform.Skew Axis
card_front.card_bg
card_front.card_bg.Anchor Point
card_front.card_bg.Opacity
card_front.card_bg.Position
card_front.card_bg.Rotation
card_front.card_bg.Rotation X
card_front.card_bg.Rotation Y
card_front.card_bg.Rotation Z
card_front.card_bg.Scale
card_front.card_bg.Skew
card_front.card_bg.Skew Axis
card_front.card_bg.Transform
card_front.card_bg.Transform.Anchor Point
card_front.card_bg.Transform.Opacity
card_front.card_bg.Transform.Position
card_front.card_bg.Transform.Rotation
card_front.card_bg.Transform.Rotation X
card_front.card_bg.Transform.Rotation Y
card_front.card_bg.Transform.Rotation Z
card_front.card_bg.Transform.Scale
card_front.card_bg.Transform.Skew
card_front.card_bg.Transform.Skew Axis
card_front.card_bg.bg
card_front.card_bg.bg.Anchor Point
card_front.card_bg.bg.Fill 1
card_front.card_bg.bg.Fill 1.Color
card_front.card_bg.bg.Fill 1.Opacity
card_front.card_bg.bg.Opacity
card_front.card_bg.bg.Path 1
card_front.card_bg.bg.Path 1.Path
card_front.card_bg.bg.Position
card_front.card_bg.bg.Rotation
card_front.card_bg.bg.Rotation X
card_front.card_bg.bg.Rotation Y
card_front.card_bg.bg.Rotation Z
card_front.card_bg.bg.Scale
card_front.card_bg.bg.Skew
card_front.card_bg.bg.Skew Axis
card_front.card_bg.bg.Transform
card_front.card_bg.bg.Transform.Anchor Point
card_front.card_bg.bg.Transform.Opacity
card_front.card_bg.bg.Transform.Position
card_front.card_bg.bg.Transform.Rotation
card_front.card_bg.bg.Transform.Rotation X
card_front.card_bg.bg.Transform.Rotation Y
card_front.card_bg.bg.Transform.Rotation Z
card_front.card_bg.bg.Transform.Scale
card_front.card_bg.bg.Transform.Skew
card_front.card_bg.bg.Transform.Skew Axis
finger_L
finger_L.Transform
finger_L.Transform.Anchor Point
finger_L.Transform.Opacity
finger_L.Transform.Rotation
finger_L.Transform.Rotation X
finger_L.Transform.Rotation Y
finger_L.Transform.Rotation Z
finger_L.Transform.Scale
finger_L.Transform.X Position
finger_L.Transform.Y Position
finger_L.accent_color
finger_L.accent_color.Anchor Point
finger_L.accent_color.Opacity
finger_L.accent_color.Position
finger_L.accent_color.Rotation
finger_L.accent_color.Rotation X
finger_L.accent_color.Rotation Y
finger_L.accent_color.Rotation Z
finger_L.accent_color.Scale
finger_L.accent_color.Skew
finger_L.accent_color.Skew Axis
finger_L.accent_color.Transform
finger_L.accent_color.Transform.Anchor Point
finger_L.accent_color.Transform.Opacity
finger_L.accent_color.Transform.Position
finger_L.accent_color.Transform.Rotation
finger_L.accent_color.Transform.Rotation X
finger_L.accent_color.Transform.Rotation Y
finger_L.accent_color.Transform.Rotation Z
finger_L.accent_color.Transform.Scale
finger_L.accent_color.Transform.Skew
finger_L.accent_color.Transform.Skew Axis
finger_L.accent_color.circle
finger_L.accent_color.circle.Anchor Point
finger_L.accent_color.circle.Fill 1
finger_L.accent_color.circle.Fill 1.Color
finger_L.accent_color.circle.Fill 1.Opacity
finger_L.accent_color.circle.Opacity
finger_L.accent_color.circle.Path 1
finger_L.accent_color.circle.Path 1.Path
finger_L.accent_color.circle.Position
finger_L.accent_color.circle.Rotation
finger_L.accent_color.circle.Rotation X
finger_L.accent_color.circle.Rotation Y
finger_L.accent_color.circle.Rotation Z
finger_L.accent_color.circle.Scale
finger_L.accent_color.circle.Skew
finger_L.accent_color.circle.Skew Axis
finger_L.accent_color.circle.Transform
finger_L.accent_color.circle.Transform.Anchor Point
finger_L.accent_color.circle.Transform.Opacity
finger_L.accent_color.circle.Transform.Position
finger_L.accent_color.circle.Transform.Rotation
finger_L.accent_color.circle.Transform.Rotation X
finger_L.accent_color.circle.Transform.Rotation Y
finger_L.accent_color.circle.Transform.Rotation Z
finger_L.accent_color.circle.Transform.Scale
finger_L.accent_color.circle.Transform.Skew
finger_L.accent_color.circle.Transform.Skew Axis
finger_L.accent_color.circle_fade
finger_L.accent_color.circle_fade.Anchor Point
finger_L.accent_color.circle_fade.Fill 1
finger_L.accent_color.circle_fade.Fill 1.Color
finger_L.accent_color.circle_fade.Fill 1.Opacity
finger_L.accent_color.circle_fade.Opacity
finger_L.accent_color.circle_fade.Path 1
finger_L.accent_color.circle_fade.Path 1.Path
finger_L.accent_color.circle_fade.Position
finger_L.accent_color.circle_fade.Rotation
finger_L.accent_color.circle_fade.Rotation X
finger_L.accent_color.circle_fade.Rotation Y
finger_L.accent_color.circle_fade.Rotation Z
finger_L.accent_color.circle_fade.Scale
finger_L.accent_color.circle_fade.Skew
finger_L.accent_color.circle_fade.Skew Axis
finger_L.accent_color.circle_fade.Transform
finger_L.accent_color.circle_fade.Transform.Anchor Point
finger_L.accent_color.circle_fade.Transform.Opacity
finger_L.accent_color.circle_fade.Transform.Position
finger_L.accent_color.circle_fade.Transform.Rotation
finger_L.accent_color.circle_fade.Transform.Rotation X
finger_L.accent_color.circle_fade.Transform.Rotation Y
finger_L.accent_color.circle_fade.Transform.Rotation Z
finger_L.accent_color.circle_fade.Transform.Scale
finger_L.accent_color.circle_fade.Transform.Skew
finger_L.accent_color.circle_fade.Transform.Skew Axis
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Anchor Point
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Opacity
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Path 1
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Path 1.Path
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Position
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Rotation
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Rotation X
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Rotation Y
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Rotation Z
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Scale
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Skew
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Skew Axis
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Stroke 1
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Stroke 1.Color
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Stroke 1.Dash Phase
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Stroke 1.Dashes
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Stroke 1.Opacity
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Stroke 1.Stroke Width
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Transform
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Transform.Anchor Point
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Transform.Opacity
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Transform.Position
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Transform.Rotation
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Transform.Rotation X
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Transform.Rotation Y
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Transform.Rotation Z
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Transform.Scale
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Transform.Skew
finger_L.accent_color.ring_fade.Transform.Skew Axis
finger_L.base_color
finger_L.base_color.Anchor Point
finger_L.base_color.Opacity
finger_L.base_color.Position
finger_L.base_color.Rotation
finger_L.base_color.Rotation X
finger_L.base_color.Rotation Y
finger_L.base_color.Rotation Z
finger_L.base_color.Scale
finger_L.base_color.Skew
finger_L.base_color.Skew Axis
finger_L.base_color.Transform
finger_L.base_color.Transform.Anchor Point
finger_L.base_color.Transform.Opacity
finger_L.base_color.Transform.Position
finger_L.base_color.Transform.Rotation
finger_L.base_color.Transform.Rotation X
finger_L.base_color.Transform.Rotation Y
finger_L.base_color.Transform.Rotation Z
finger_L.base_color.Transform.Scale
finger_L.base_color.Transform.Skew
finger_L.base_color.Transform.Skew Axis
finger_L.base_color.ring
finger_L.base_color.ring.Anchor Point
finger_L.base_color.ring.Opacity
finger_L.base_color.ring.Path 1
finger_L.base_color.ring.Path 1.Path
finger_L.base_color.ring.Position
finger_L.base_color.ring.Rotation
finger_L.base_color.ring.Rotation X
finger_L.base_color.ring.Rotation Y
finger_L.base_color.ring.Rotation Z
finger_L.base_color.ring.Scale
finger_L.base_color.ring.Skew
finger_L.base_color.ring.Skew Axis
finger_L.base_color.ring.Stroke 1
finger_L.base_color.ring.Stroke 1.Color
finger_L.base_color.ring.Stroke 1.Dash Phase
finger_L.base_color.ring.Stroke 1.Dashes
finger_L.base_color.ring.Stroke 1.Opacity
finger_L.base_color.ring.Stroke 1.Stroke Width
finger_L.base_color.ring.Transform
finger_L.base_color.ring.Transform.Anchor Point
finger_L.base_color.ring.Transform.Opacity
finger_L.base_color.ring.Transform.Position
finger_L.base_color.ring.Transform.Rotation
finger_L.base_color.ring.Transform.Rotation X
finger_L.base_color.ring.Transform.Rotation Y
finger_L.base_color.ring.Transform.Rotation Z
finger_L.base_color.ring.Transform.Scale
finger_L.base_color.ring.Transform.Skew
finger_L.base_color.ring.Transform.Skew Axis
finger_R
finger_R.Transform
finger_R.Transform.Anchor Point
finger_R.Transform.Opacity
finger_R.Transform.Rotation
finger_R.Transform.Rotation X
finger_R.Transform.Rotation Y
finger_R.Transform.Rotation Z
finger_R.Transform.Scale
finger_R.Transform.X Position
finger_R.Transform.Y Position
finger_R.accent_color
finger_R.accent_color.Anchor Point
finger_R.accent_color.Opacity
finger_R.accent_color.Position
finger_R.accent_color.Rotation
finger_R.accent_color.Rotation X
finger_R.accent_color.Rotation Y
finger_R.accent_color.Rotation Z
finger_R.accent_color.Scale
finger_R.accent_color.Skew
finger_R.accent_color.Skew Axis
finger_R.accent_color.Transform
finger_R.accent_color.Transform.Anchor Point
finger_R.accent_color.Transform.Opacity
finger_R.accent_color.Transform.Position
finger_R.accent_color.Transform.Rotation
finger_R.accent_color.Transform.Rotation X
finger_R.accent_color.Transform.Rotation Y
finger_R.accent_color.Transform.Rotation Z
finger_R.accent_color.Transform.Scale
finger_R.accent_color.Transform.Skew
finger_R.accent_color.Transform.Skew Axis
finger_R.accent_color.circle
finger_R.accent_color.circle.Anchor Point
finger_R.accent_color.circle.Fill 1
finger_R.accent_color.circle.Fill 1.Color
finger_R.accent_color.circle.Fill 1.Opacity
finger_R.accent_color.circle.Opacity
finger_R.accent_color.circle.Path 1
finger_R.accent_color.circle.Path 1.Path
finger_R.accent_color.circle.Position
finger_R.accent_color.circle.Rotation
finger_R.accent_color.circle.Rotation X
finger_R.accent_color.circle.Rotation Y
finger_R.accent_color.circle.Rotation Z
finger_R.accent_color.circle.Scale
finger_R.accent_color.circle.Skew
finger_R.accent_color.circle.Skew Axis
finger_R.accent_color.circle.Transform
finger_R.accent_color.circle.Transform.Anchor Point
finger_R.accent_color.circle.Transform.Opacity
finger_R.accent_color.circle.Transform.Position
finger_R.accent_color.circle.Transform.Rotation
finger_R.accent_color.circle.Transform.Rotation X
finger_R.accent_color.circle.Transform.Rotation Y
finger_R.accent_color.circle.Transform.Rotation Z
finger_R.accent_color.circle.Transform.Scale
finger_R.accent_color.circle.Transform.Skew
finger_R.accent_color.circle.Transform.Skew Axis
finger_R.accent_color.circle_fade
finger_R.accent_color.circle_fade.Anchor Point
finger_R.accent_color.circle_fade.Fill 1
finger_R.accent_color.circle_fade.Fill 1.Color
finger_R.accent_color.circle_fade.Fill 1.Opacity
finger_R.accent_color.circle_fade.Opacity
finger_R.accent_color.circle_fade.Path 1
finger_R.accent_color.circle_fade.Path 1.Path
finger_R.accent_color.circle_fade.Position
finger_R.accent_color.circle_fade.Rotation
finger_R.accent_color.circle_fade.Rotation X
finger_R.accent_color.circle_fade.Rotation Y
finger_R.accent_color.circle_fade.Rotation Z
finger_R.accent_color.circle_fade.Scale
finger_R.accent_color.circle_fade.Skew
finger_R.accent_color.circle_fade.Skew Axis
finger_R.accent_color.circle_fade.Transform
finger_R.accent_color.circle_fade.Transform.Anchor Point
finger_R.accent_color.circle_fade.Transform.Opacity
finger_R.accent_color.circle_fade.Transform.Position
finger_R.accent_color.circle_fade.Transform.Rotation
finger_R.accent_color.circle_fade.Transform.Rotation X
finger_R.accent_color.circle_fade.Transform.Rotation Y
finger_R.accent_color.circle_fade.Transform.Rotation Z
finger_R.accent_color.circle_fade.Transform.Scale
finger_R.accent_color.circle_fade.Transform.Skew
finger_R.accent_color.circle_fade.Transform.Skew Axis
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Anchor Point
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Opacity
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Path 1
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Path 1.Path
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Position
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Rotation
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Rotation X
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Rotation Y
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Rotation Z
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Scale
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Skew
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Skew Axis
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Stroke 1
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Stroke 1.Color
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Stroke 1.Dash Phase
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Stroke 1.Dashes
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Stroke 1.Opacity
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Stroke 1.Stroke Width
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Transform
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Transform.Anchor Point
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Transform.Opacity
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Transform.Position
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Transform.Rotation
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Transform.Rotation X
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Transform.Rotation Y
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Transform.Rotation Z
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Transform.Scale
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Transform.Skew
finger_R.accent_color.ring_fade.Transform.Skew Axis
finger_R.base_color
finger_R.base_color.Anchor Point
finger_R.base_color.Opacity
finger_R.base_color.Position
finger_R.base_color.Rotation
finger_R.base_color.Rotation X
finger_R.base_color.Rotation Y
finger_R.base_color.Rotation Z
finger_R.base_color.Scale
finger_R.base_color.Skew
finger_R.base_color.Skew Axis
finger_R.base_color.Transform
finger_R.base_color.Transform.Anchor Point
finger_R.base_color.Transform.Opacity
finger_R.base_color.Transform.Position
finger_R.base_color.Transform.Rotation
finger_R.base_color.Transform.Rotation X
finger_R.base_color.Transform.Rotation Y
finger_R.base_color.Transform.Rotation Z
finger_R.base_color.Transform.Scale
finger_R.base_color.Transform.Skew
finger_R.base_color.Transform.Skew Axis
finger_R.base_color.ring
finger_R.base_color.ring.Anchor Point
finger_R.base_color.ring.Opacity
finger_R.base_color.ring.Path 1
finger_R.base_color.ring.Path 1.Path
finger_R.base_color.ring.Position
finger_R.base_color.ring.Rotation
finger_R.base_color.ring.Rotation X
finger_R.base_color.ring.Rotation Y
finger_R.base_color.ring.Rotation Z
finger_R.base_color.ring.Scale
finger_R.base_color.ring.Skew
finger_R.base_color.ring.Skew Axis
finger_R.base_color.ring.Stroke 1
finger_R.base_color.ring.Stroke 1.Color
finger_R.base_color.ring.Stroke 1.Dash Phase
finger_R.base_color.ring.Stroke 1.Dashes
finger_R.base_color.ring.Stroke 1.Opacity
finger_R.base_color.ring.Stroke 1.Stroke Width
finger_R.base_color.ring.Transform
finger_R.base_color.ring.Transform.Anchor Point
finger_R.base_color.ring.Transform.Opacity
finger_R.base_color.ring.Transform.Position
finger_R.base_color.ring.Transform.Rotation
finger_R.base_color.ring.Transform.Rotation X
finger_R.base_color.ring.Transform.Rotation Y
finger_R.base_color.ring.Transform.Rotation Z
finger_R.base_color.ring.Transform.Scale
finger_R.base_color.ring.Transform.Skew
finger_R.base_color.ring.Transform.Skew Axis